🧹 Improved the part related to Management Group in Azure (#92)
mondoohq/docs: docs/platform/infra/cloud/azure/azure-integration-scan-group.mdx

:::

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

:::note

> The Key Vault permissions outlined below are based on Microsoft's "Key Vault Reader" role. The [Microsoft documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles) describes this role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Key Vault permissions below are based on Microsoft's "Key Vault Reader" role. The [Microsoft documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles) describes this role:
```

> > _Read metadata of key vaults and its certificates, keys, and secrets. Cannot read sensitive values such as secret contents or key material. This role is only functional for key vaults that utilize the 'Azure role-based access control' permission model (RBAC)._

Reviewer: I hate quoting their bad writing. 😆

:::

To assign this role across all subscriptions under a management group, follow these steps, replacing YOUR-GROUP-ID with your actual management group ID:

> 1. Create the Custom Role Definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the custom role definition.
```

>   Save the following JSON content into a file named `mondoo-role.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Save this JSON content into a file named `mondoo-role.json`:
```

   }
   ```

> 2. Create a Custom Role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a custom role:
```

   ```
   az role definition create --role-definition mondoo-role.json
   ```

> 3. Verify the custom role creation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure you successfully created the role:
```

   ```
   az role definition list --output json --query '[].{roleName:roleName, description:description}' --name "mondoo-role"
   ```

> 4. Check Permissions to List Subscriptions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check your permissions:
```

>   Confirm if your account has the required permissions to list subscriptions within the management group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Confirm that your account has the required permissions to list subscriptions within the management group:
```

  ```
  az account management-group subscription show-sub-under-mg --name "YOUR-GROUP-ID"
  ```

  If you encounter authorization issues, grant the necessary permissions:

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  ```
  az role assignment create --assignee "YourAccountName@Domain.name" --role "Management Group Reader" --scope "/providers/Microsoft.Management/managementGroups/YOUR-GROUP-ID"
  ```

  Replace YOUR-GROUP-ID with the actual ID of your management group. Then, re-execute the command to list subscriptions and confirm access.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Please be sure to run the linter. :)

> 5. Assign the Custom Role Using a Script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Assign the custom role using a script:
```

>   Use an automated script (Save the file with the name assign_role_to_subscriptions.sh) to assign this custom role to your app across all subscriptions under the management group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Create a new file named `assign_role_to_subscriptions.sh` and paste this script in the file:
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

   ```
  #!/bin/bash

  MGMT_GROUP_ID="Mang-Group-ID"
  PRINCIPAL_ID="APP-ID"

  # List all subscriptions under the management group and read them line by line
  SUBSCRIPTIONS=$(az account management-group subscription show-sub-under-mg --name "$MGMT_GROUP_ID" --query "[].name" -o tsv)

  for SUBSCRIPTION_ID in $SUBSCRIPTIONS; do
      echo "Assigning 'mondoo-role' to subscription $SUBSCRIPTION_ID"
      # Set the context to the current subscription
      az account set --subscription "$SUBSCRIPTION_ID"
      # Assign the role to the principal for the current subscription
      az role assignment create --role "mondoo-role" --assignee $PRINCIPAL_ID --scope "/subscriptions/$SUBSCRIPTION_ID"
  done
   ```

  Don't forget to replace YOUR-GROUP-ID with your management group ID and APP-ID with the principal ID.

>   Make the Script Executable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Make the script executable:
```

   ```
   chmod +x assign_role_to_subscriptions.sh
   ```

>    and then run the script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Run the script:
```

   ```
   ./assign_role_to_subscriptions.sh
   ```

  These steps ensure that the custom role is systematically assigned to all subscriptions within your specified management group.

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
